docs: add documentation about how to solve too many requests error (#5668)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/troubleshooting/querying/too-many-requests-error.md

---
title: Too many requests error
description: Troubleshoot Too many requests error for a Tempo query
weight: 480
aliases:
- ../../operations/troubleshooting/too-many-requests-error/ # https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/<TEMPO_VERSION>/operations/troubleshooting/too-many-requests-error/
- ../too-many-requests-error/ # https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/<TEMPO_VERSION>/troubleshooting/too-many-requests-error/
---

# Too many requests (429 error code)

> An issue occurs while doing a Tempo query, the error response may look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if an issue occurs during a Tempo query, the error response may look like:
```
